# File Structure
Understanding the file structure is crucial for efficiently developing and maintaining services within your Laravel application. Following Laravel's standard conventions, the Orchestration package integrates seamlessly, organizing service-related files in a logical and accessible manner.
```
.
├─ app
│  ├─ Services
│  │  ├─ Checkout
│  │  │  ├─ Contracts
│  │  │  │  ├─ CheckoutRequester.php
│  │  │  │  └─ CheckoutResponder.php
│  │  │  ├─ AdyenCheckoutRequest.php
│  │  │  ├─ AdyenCheckoutResponse.php
│  │  │  ├─ FakeCheckoutRequest.php
│  └─ └─ └─ FakeCheckoutResponse.php
├─ config
│  ├─ orchestration.php
└─ └─ checkout.php
```

## Services Directory
The 'app/Services' directory is the heart of your orchestrated services, containing each service's contracts, provider gateways, and a fake gateway for testing purposes.

### Contracts
Generated by the `orchestrate:service` command, the 'ServiceRequester.php' and 'ServiceResponder.php' interfaces lay the foundation for defining a standardized communication protocol between your application and its services.

### Provider Gateways
For each provider added via `orchestrate:provider`, 'ProviderServiceRequest.php' and 'ProviderServiceResponse.php' are created respectively. These classes are crucial for integrating your application with the service providers, ensuring seamless communication.

### Testing
The 'FakeServiceRequest.php' and 'FakeServiceResponse.php' classes, generated along with the service, are designed for mocking the responses for it, facilitating robust testing environments.

## Customization
Flexibility is key in Laravel, and orchestration adheres to this principle. You can reorganize your services to fit your application's needs by updating the service-specific configuration file to reflect the new paths for your service provider gateways.

For example, to update the location of the Adyen gateway for the checkout service:
```php
return [

    'providers' => [

        'adyen' => [
            'gateway' => \App\Services\Checkout\Adyen\AdyenCheckoutRequest::class,
        ],

    ],

];

```
This structure and organization facilitate a modular and maintainable approach to service orchestration within your Laravel application, ensuring that your services are both scalable and easy to manage.
